It's you sir
Please believe me.
They're going to fight right away
He Liu Guli
After all this effort, you still
You're really upset that it's not done.
I'm going to continue working with you this afternoon
What should I do if you leave?
What do you want?
Have you fulfilled your promise?
I tied you up
Do you still want to go
I don't want to kill anyone.
I advise you to hurry up
You Mongols are really stupid.
Damn it, I advise you to talk to me nicely
If you want to leave, you can leave 1 billion
Wait a minute.
I transferred all the money to you, you should let me go
I told you before.
Did I let you go?
Mr. Liu, isn't it illegal for us to do this?
What law did you commit, extrajudicial fanatic?
We now have 10.
Wait a minute to fix this.
I will take you to Las Vegas
At that time
Black Springs Market in the US, then I'm the boss
But before I go
I have one more person to deal with
Liu Hongtao, what do you want to do?
Senior sister
Your good disciple and daughter are now in my hands
Please come and have a look.
Remember that you are only allowed to play alone